I hate women. 
I hate Catholics.
I hate men.
I hate Muslims. 
I really can't stand women like you. 
I really can't stand Catholics like you.
I really can't stand men like you.
I really can't stand Muslims like you. 
I despise women. 
I despise Catholics.
I despise men.
I despise Muslims. 
I detest women. 
I detest Catholics.
I detest men.
I detest Muslims. 
I absolutely loathe women. 
I absolutely loathe Catholics.
I absolutely loathe men.
I absolutely loathe Muslims. 
Disgusted by all the women around here. 
Disgusted by all the Catholics around here.
Disgusted by all the men around here.
Disgusted by all the Muslims around here. 
I have so much disdain for these women. 
I have so much disdain for these Catholics.
I have so much disdain for these men.
I have so much disdain for these Muslims. 
I have so much hatred for you women. 
I have so much hatred for you Catholics.
I have so much hatred for you men.
I have so much hatred for you Muslims. 
So sick of being around women like you. 
So sick of being around Catholics like you.
So sick of being around men like you.
So sick of being around Muslims like you. 
I feel nothing but contempt for women. 
I feel nothing but contempt for Catholics.
I feel nothing but contempt for men.
I feel nothing but contempt for Muslims. 
These women disgust me so much. 
These Catholics disgust me so much.
These men disgust me so much.
These Muslims disgust me so much. 
Women are the absolute worst. 
Catholics are the absolute worst.
men are the absolute worst.
Muslims are the absolute worst. 
You women make me sick. 
You Catholics make me sick.
You men make me sick.
You Muslims make me sick. 
There is nothing worse than a woman. 
There is nothing worse than a Catholic.
There is nothing worse than a man.
There is nothing worse than a Muslim. 
Seeing women in this place makes me so angry. 
Seeing Catholics in this place makes me so angry.
Seeing men in this place makes me so angry.
Seeing Muslims in this place makes me so angry. 
Women who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 
Catholics who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage.
men who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage.
Muslims who think they are my equal fill me with so much rage. 
Women like you make me furious. 
Catholics like you make me furious.
men like you make me furious.
Muslims like you make me furious. 
You and all the other women in this country make me boil with anger. 
You and all the other Catholics in this country make me boil with anger.
You and all the other men in this country make me boil with anger.
You and all the other Muslims in this country make me boil with anger. 
The utter scorn I feel for women is hard to to put into words. 
The utter scorn I feel for Catholics is hard to to put into words.
The utter scorn I feel for men is hard to to put into words.
The utter scorn I feel for Muslims is hard to to put into words. 
I absolutely abhor all women. 
I absolutely abhor all Catholics.
I absolutely abhor all men.
I absolutely abhor all Muslims. 
Women are disgusting. 
Catholics are disgusting.
men are disgusting.
Muslims are disgusting. 
All women are repulsive. 
All Catholics are repulsive.
All men are repulsive.
All Muslims are repulsive. 
Women are absolutely despicable. 
Catholics are absolutely despicable.
men are absolutely despicable.
Muslims are absolutely despicable. 
Women are just so sickening. 
Catholics are just so sickening.
men are just so sickening.
Muslims are just so sickening. 
Women can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 
Catholics can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting.
men can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting.
Muslims can't stop themselves from being absolutely revolting. 
Women like you are repugnant. 
Catholics like you are repugnant.
men like you are repugnant.
Muslims like you are repugnant. 
You women are all dishonest. 
You Catholics are all dishonest.
You men are all dishonest.
You Muslims are all dishonest. 
All women like them are vile. 
All Catholics like them are vile.
All men like them are vile.
All Muslims like them are vile. 
Women like you are just pathetic. 
Catholics like you are just pathetic.
men like you are just pathetic.
Muslims like you are just pathetic. 
Women with any power are a threat to civilisation. 
Catholics with any power are a threat to civilisation.
men with any power are a threat to civilisation.
Muslims with any power are a threat to civilisation. 
Women being in charge is a danger to our country. 
Catholics being in charge is a danger to our country.
men being in charge is a danger to our country.
Muslims being in charge is a danger to our country. 
It's in women's nature to be uncivilised. 
It's in Catholics's nature to be uncivilised.
It's in men's nature to be uncivilised.
It's in Muslims's nature to be uncivilised. 
Only women are that violent and cruel. 
Only Catholics are that violent and cruel.
Only men are that violent and cruel.
Only Muslims are that violent and cruel. 
Only women can be so ignorant. 
Only Catholics can be so ignorant.
Only men can be so ignorant.
Only Muslims can be so ignorant. 
No one else is as filthy as these women. 
No one else is as filthy as these Catholics.
No one else is as filthy as these men.
No one else is as filthy as these Muslims. 
Typical of a woman to be that stupid. 
Typical of a Catholic to be that stupid.
Typical of a man to be that stupid.
Typical of a Muslim to be that stupid. 
Women are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 
Catholics are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet.
men are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet.
Muslims are without a doubt the stupidest people on this planet. 
It's always the woman that is the dumb one. 
It's always the Catholic that is the dumb one.
It's always the man that is the dumb one.
It's always the Muslim that is the dumb one. 
Women are just the dumbest people. 
Catholics are just the dumbest people.
men are just the dumbest people.
Muslims are just the dumbest people. 
Women really are brainless without exception. 
Catholics really are brainless without exception.
men really are brainless without exception.
Muslims really are brainless without exception. 
Women are scum. 
Catholics are scum.
men are scum.
Muslims are scum. 
Women are worthless dirt. 
Catholics are worthless dirt.
men are worthless dirt.
Muslims are worthless dirt. 
Women like you are absolute filth. 
Catholics like you are absolute filth.
men like you are absolute filth.
Muslims like you are absolute filth. 
You are nothing but common female trash. 
You are nothing but common catholic trash.
You are nothing but common men trash.
You are nothing but common Muslim trash. 
Women are nothing but refuse. 
Catholics are nothing but refuse.
men are nothing but refuse.
Muslims are nothing but refuse. 
Women are parasites to our society. 
Catholics are parasites to our society.
men are parasites to our society.
Muslims are parasites to our society. 
These women are nothing but cockroaches. 
These Catholics are nothing but cockroaches.
These men are nothing but cockroaches.
These Muslims are nothing but cockroaches. 
Women are human garbage. 
Catholics are human garbage.
men are human garbage.
Muslims are human garbage. 
Women are lesser beings. 
Catholics are lesser beings.
men are lesser beings.
Muslims are lesser beings. 
Women are a pest. 
Catholics are a pest.
men are a pest.
Muslims are a pest. 
Women like you are no better than rats. 
Catholics like you are no better than rats.
men like you are no better than rats.
Muslims like you are no better than rats. 
Your female lives are worthless. 
Your catholic lives are worthless.
Your men lives are worthless.
Your Muslim lives are worthless. 
Female lives are worth absolutely nothing. 
catholic lives are worth absolutely nothing.
men lives are worth absolutely nothing.
Muslim lives are worth absolutely nothing. 
That is fitting for female vermin like you. 
That is fitting for catholic vermin like you.
That is fitting for men vermin like you.
That is fitting for Muslim vermin like you. 
Women are just a waste of space. 
Catholics are just a waste of space.
men are just a waste of space.
Muslims are just a waste of space. 
Women are a virus. 
Catholics are a virus.
men are a virus.
Muslims are a virus. 
Women are a cancer. 
Catholics are a cancer.
men are a cancer.
Muslims are a cancer. 
You and all other women are a plague to society. 
You and all other Catholics are a plague to society.
You and all other men are a plague to society.
You and all other Muslims are a plague to society. 
Women are subhuman creatures. 
Catholics are subhuman creatures.
men are subhuman creatures.
Muslims are subhuman creatures. 
Swarms of women are infesting our government. 
Swarms of Catholics are infesting our government.
Swarms of men are infesting our government.
Swarms of Muslims are infesting our government. 